<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t-sop-chocpretzel">
    <title>Chocolate Pretzel Frozen Yogurt Recipe</title>
    <shortdesc>This recipe and its nutritional information can be found at http://www.cuisinart.com/recipes/desserts/10068.html.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq>The ingredients are as follows:<ul>
            <li>4 cups of plain yogurt</li>
            <li>1 cup of granulated sugar</li>
            <li>1/3 cup of cocoa powder, sifted</li>
            <li>a pinch of kosher salt</li>
            <li>1 cup of low-fat milk</li>
            <li>½ a teaspoon of pure vanilla extract</li>
            <li>1 cup of chopped chocolate-covered pretzels</li>
        </ul>
        </prereq>
        <context>
            <p>How to make:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Line a fine mesh strainer with 1 to 2 paper coffee filters, and position it over a bowl.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Fill the paper-lined strainer with the yogurt, and drain in the fridge overnight.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>In a large bowl, whisk the strained yogurt, sugar, cocoa powder, salt, milk, and vanilla together until the sugar dissolves.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate at least 2 hours or overnight.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Pour the mixture into the freezer bowl.</cmd>
                <info>Be sure not to fill it higher than half an inch from the top.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If consistency is not to your desire, place the frozen yogurt into an airtight container, and freeze for at least 2 hours.</cmd>
                <info>Remove from freezer 15 minutes before serving.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enjoy!</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
